{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 DIGITAL LITERACY FOR STUDENTS\
Understanding Safe and Smart Use of Technology\
Title Page\
Name: Riddhi Tiwari\
Registration No.: 25MIM10031\
Branch: Artificial Intelligence \
Year: 1st Year\
Course Code: CSE0001(DIGITAL LITERACY)\
Date: 31-03-2026\
\
INTRODUCTION\
Digital literacy means having the ability to use digital devices, the internet, and online platforms in a safe and responsible way. In today\'92s world, technology is used in almost every field such as education, communication, and business. Because of this, it is important for students to understand how to use digital tools properly.\
This project helped me learn different digital skills like creating accounts on online platforms, understanding cybercrimes, writing professional emails, and practicing coding on online learning platforms. I also learned how to follow good practices while using social media and the internet.\
The main aim of this project was to improve my knowledge about digital technology and to become more confident in using online tools for learning and communication.\
\
TASK 1 \
In Task 1, I created my project repository on the platform GitHub. GitHub is an online platform where users can store and manage their project files.\
First, I created an account by entering my email, username, and password. After signing in, I created a new repository using my GitHub username as the repository name. While creating the repository, I selected the public visibility option and also added a README file.\
After creating the repository, I started uploading my project files into it. These files included documents related to different tasks of this project such as cybercrime case studies, emails, and digital literacy activities.\
By doing this task, I learned how to manage files online and how to organize project work using a digital platform. This task also helped me understand the importance of storing files safely and sharing them easily with others using online tools.\
Overall, this activity improved my digital skills and helped me learn how modern project work is managed using technology.\
\
TASK- 2 \
In Task 2, I set up different digital platforms that are useful for learning and improving skills. One of the main platforms I used was HackerRank. This platform helps students practice coding and problem-solving.\
First, I created an account on HackerRank using my email. After logging in, I explored different sections such as practice problems and coding challenges. I selected an easy question and solved it using the coding editor provided on the platform.\
This task helped me understand how online learning platforms work and how they can help students improve their technical knowledge. These platforms also provide instant feedback, which helps learners know whether their solution is correct or not.\
In the future, I plan to continue using such platforms to improve my programming and logical thinking skills. Practicing regularly on these platforms can help students prepare for technical interviews and develop problem-solving abilities.\
Overall, this task showed me how useful online platforms are for learning new skills and building confidence in technology.\
\
TASK- 3\
In Task 3, I practiced using different online tools and digital platforms. One of the activities was creating a simple logo using CoolText. This tool allows users to generate stylish text and logos easily.\
First, I opened the CoolText website and selected a text style for my logo. After that, I customized the text by changing the font style, color, and shadow effects. Once the design was ready, I downloaded the logo image.\
This task helped me understand how online design tools can be used to create graphics quickly without needing advanced software. Such tools are useful for creating titles, logos, and designs for presentations, websites, or projects.\
In addition, I also explored how to create a simple quiz using Google Forms. This helped me understand how teachers and students can collect responses online.\
By completing this task, I learned how different digital tools can be used creatively for educational purposes.\
\
TASK- 4 \
In Task 4, I learned about digital communication and responsible use of social media. I practiced writing formal emails for different situations, such as requesting a teacher for assignment extension and asking a company about internship opportunities.\
This task helped me understand the importance of writing clear and polite emails in professional communication. I also learned that emails should include a proper subject, greeting, message, and closing.\
Another part of this task was creating a checklist of social media do\'92s and don\'92ts. This helped me understand how to use social media safely and responsibly. For example, we should avoid sharing personal information online and always think before posting anything.\
Overall, this task improved my communication skills and helped me learn how to behave responsibly on digital platforms.}