{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f1\b\fs96 Cyberbullying Case Study\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cyberbullying is a type of online crime where a person is harassed, threatened, or made fun of using digital platforms like social media, messaging apps, or online games. It usually happens when someone sends hurtful messages, spreads rumors, or posts embarrassing photos or videos of another person without their permission.\
This usually starts in a simple way. First, someone creates a fake account or uses their real account to send negative comments. Then they may repeatedly message the victim, troll them in public posts, or share private information. Sometimes, they also encourage others to join in, which makes the situation worse. Since everything happens online, it can spread very fast and reach many people.\
Mostly, students and teenagers are the main targets because they are very active on social media. People who are shy, new to a group, or emotionally sensitive are more likely to be targeted.\
The effects of cyberbullying can be very serious. The victim may feel stressed, anxious, or lose confidence. It can affect their studies and mental health. In some cases, it can also lead to depression or fear of using social media. Therefore, it is very important to be kind online and report such behavior immediately.\
}
